1)  why are you interested in attending Trinity Christian Academy?
I am interested in attending Trinity Christian Academy because I think the academy is a really great school and that it is a Christian school. Since public schools do not teach about faith, I think that TCA is a great opportunity to learn about the faith that I believe in.
2)  list the subjects that interest you the most and why.
The subjects that I am most interested in is computer science, art, creative writing class, since it is the classes where I feel like I am doing something I truly can express myself and it can also serve as a creative outlet for me. In computer science class, I can do a lot of things. It is a logical class, and I love it. Art and Creative Writing is something where I can create stories and worlds in 2 of the many ways possible, and i love creating drawings or series of symbols that people can use to interpret gigantic worlds and stories. 
3)  List the academic subjects of least interest to you and why.
The subjects that I am not as interested in is ILA, or english class. English is bland, and there isn't a lot of interesting things about English. There is also a lot of things to remember in english, which I don't really like. It is sometimes repetitive, and even confusing at times, which makes me fustrated.
4)  How many hours per week do you spend on required homework?
Normally use 2.5 to 10 hours per week depending on what the homework is, how long it takes and how much homework I have to finish.
5)  How many hours per month do you read for pleasure?  Also, please list two books you have enjoyed this past year.  Include title and author.
I read about 15 - 20 hours per month. The book I was reading previously was Scythe by Neal Shusterman, which I enjoyed. I also enjoy reading the book Infinite, as it is a science fiction about parallel universes and explores the barest of human behaviour.
6)  Do you consider yourself a Christian? If yes, tell us how it influences your life.
I do consider myself as a Christian. Being a christian has affected me in a lot of ways, such as occasionally talking about my faith to people that doesn't know about Jesus Christ.
7)  Tell us in your own words, about yourself and what is important to you.
I am someone that is passionate about my craft, because I always try to learn new things about programming, drawing, and storytelling. I value my craft quite much, and I think that I can use my craft and talents that God has given me to spread the word.
8)  List at least three adjectives or character qualities to describe yourself.

9)  What do you like to do in your spare time?

10) Do you have any specific questions about Trinity Christian Academy that we may answer during the student interview?

(2 songs per ads)